Gaza second biggest city Han yunas one
of the areas where Israel is
concentrating its offensive in the St
more than a dozen Palestinians killed
during the latest artillery shelling
further south in Rafa more residential
blocks have again come under attack
killing dozens of people and trapping
more beneath the rubble of their
homes we were sleeping when my family
woke up to the sound of the explosion I
didn't know what had happened until my
sister told me she said our family house
was hit by a strike and all of those
inside it were killed 17 people my
sister-in-law and her children her
mother and sisters all of them no one
from the family survived with the war
into its fourth month Aid and supplies
are trickling into some parts but are
too late for many the UN says only a few
V 22 medical facilities remain
operational in Central and Southern Gaza
leaving those in need begging for
help let the doctors do whatever they
can so I can have my face back I want to
go back home and be with my husband and
daughters in the north of the strip a
search for the bodies of family members
killed in an air
strike we are trying as much as we can
to recover people under the rubble there
are more than eight people here this is
the house of my sister she was hosting
my brother and his family my other
brother was also with them the Israelis
bombed their house without any warning
and killed them all we live and witness
sadness every day they must be buried
their bodies must have decomposed but we
will hug their
bones there is little dignity in Gaza
even for the dead and those who have
been buried this Cemetery was desecrated
by the Israeli bulldozer offici offal
says they were searching for some of the
bodies of Israeli captives held in Gaza
for more than a week there have been no
internet or phone services across the
Gaza Strip the blackout has cut families
off from each other it has also slowed
the process of getting Aid to nearly 2
million displaced Palestinians who can
go no further south in their desperate
search for safety hanim Mahmud Al jazer
rafah in
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer